Come quickly and buy some,
This is a family that gives us food to eat.
Why did you just leave? It means you didn't hold the door tightly.
Buy for a discount, I was so angry before I bought it.
Ah, I really see you as a banana,
You go first, Su needs to be strong,
You? I am the parent of Beishan Group,
My name is Qiancheng. Last time, due to our negligence in our work,
The person who gave the contract came to you in person today, thousands of miles away to get the contract.
Beicheng Group wants to integrate into the three nights of secular affairs,
Don't want to leave, this, this, this,
In the early stages of doing anything, we considered not doing it.
In the early stage, there were only 3 shadows at the end of the group.
Then invest all these two or three points
So we would like the initial three shadows to be
This way it won’t affect the normal ethnic groups in the initial group.
These hundreds and forty million
Is it a private business?
How can such a good thing happen, Mr. Former?
You are sure but wrong
This is the approval we did in the early stages.
Initial meeting
Just go to jail and wait.